okay I got the grenade oh oh
[__]
yeah yeah you had you had a grenade he
had a grenade all right yeah okay look
look at us look at us we're little dudes
we're dudes we're in
there all right so the main goal is just
we got to get money we got to get
treasure to put into this thing let's
explore all right boys let's go get the
get the crap everyone here all right why
are there two Blues who's the other blue
oh Casey God damn it Casey I want to get
employee of the month o
[Music]
3K head count we're all here I see five
people this is this is the best we've
done this is the best we've done nobody
break anything okay audio straight up
isn't working so that's that's great oh
my God Bernie who just lost $1200 I just
saw money just die is this game supposed
to be scary uh who put that is that I
heard something hazardous waste um a
monster close the door Tom help me help
me close the door never mind never mind
never mind never mind oh my God
again wait I got something I broke
something who just lost us
$2400 it could have been anyone oh God
oh God oh God I'm actually so scared I'm
going
to $7,100 B that was a lot of money has
anyone figured out what the Strat is if
we run into that Monster again uh uh we
offer you a tribute who's that this is
what Casey drinks every morning to
maintain his eternal
youth you don't even know what that is
all right we're going in here guys oh
my oh [__] what the what is
that can we fight it how do we how do we
get away head uh Can Only The Dead hear
me D you guys don't see me it's fine
it's fine no i' [__] you you little duck
all right we're good for alive are you
all dead uh yeah oh my God if you bring
back our heads and you bring it to the
extraction Point that'll revive us Jesus
Christ are the other guys dead yeah it's
just us wait don't do not put him in the
Elixir you put him in the Elixir
something is that oh my God what what
did you do in my
head all right we're going to keep we're
alive that duck is following you
casy oh my god oh I activated the guy I
activated the guy we're fine oh the door
hit him the door is on top of him help
me I'm so scared I'm down here ky oh my
God sorry you're on your own I don't
know what to do I have nothing yo get
out of here you stupid duck he's trying
to hide from a duck Casey's trying let
it kill you oh I think we're friends
actually what's
up never mind we're not friends he can't
hide from the oh you're dead you're so
cooked bro there we go okay good I
forgot Death Match oh it's a battle
royale what the hell yeah uh so whenever
you lose a run this is how it ends and
it's really funny wait what am I doing
with this Barrel here o Don't Mind If I
Do I got the Griffin oh God I
got that's not good oh all right bye let
me just get his ass real quick all right
he did it won I've won Oh Be My Crown oh
I died no I won did I win Tom you're the
king of the losers here we go we can
play the game now yay okay okay okay so
let me let me guide you all for a moment
so we collect things we put the things
on that extraction point and when we get
enough money we leave I don't think that
was a problem there was a problem there
a giant face and a duck appeared out of
nowhere also not grab a duck do not
touch him we're the worst repo team ever
it's all right we're going to wait
first sure people got it worse definit
going to be monster in the Stalls
somebody had Taco Bell oh wait I found a
big drum it it say caution it's 11,000
I'm pulling it I got it I got it it's
11,000 you're carrying oh oh see bro I'm
very strong oh I can explore that's why
is that why okay help me up all right
how much yeah we did back up back up
back up back up is it going oh would
that kill me uh look at that we made our
nice profit there yay money
Gi Oh it extracts and the money we get
comes into our income and we can spend
it at a shop little items from the shop
items to purchase yeah it's pretty cool
you can buy upgrades for your character
you can buy weapons there's mines self
loves mines is this cereal mom can I get
this mom can I have this put it over
here put over here can we get Reese's
Puffs please it's a shame the charm of
using our mouths in game gone sadly know
it's still pretty freaking funny look
look look we Trash Guys oh oh something
funny as well here Danny Danny birthday
boy yeah yeah show me touch me no no
stand back upou stand back up grab me
bro would it's not letting me click you
oh okay we can't do it okay I'll show
I'll show you when we're actually in a
level okay I thought you can do it in
the shop I guess you can this is getting
weird how that's my health upgrade I
paid for my with my lunch money do we
know how much we need to clear oh is it
10,668 that's the that's the one yeah
and this time we have two extraction
points all right fellas all right fellas
hold on being very very careful all
right fellas fellas hold
on I'm I'm sorry what what the hell was
that oh what is wrong with your face
tiny I don't
know they doing there where you coming
after you got an alien on your face you
cracked me over the head with like a
teac okay that didn't work that didn't
work didn't work who's got the alien on
their face uh it was Casey Casey's dead
just like dead no no no he's fine he's
fine I didn't kill him oh there's
multiple extraction points yes yes one
there's more than one so we have to
explore area till we find it it's
probably on on the other side of a
mansion yeah if you hit tab you guys
have a map I don't know if you knew Tom
grab that thing oh my God watch out
watch out
ah oh he's got the alien on his leing
just don't look at us just don't look at
us Casey this is my worst nightmare what
puking yes careful with it careful
careful SpongeBob careful SpongeBob oh
my God Casey puke on this puke on this
thing I got it I got it I got it I got
it I got it I got it I got it I got it
uh it's yep it's right here here's the
extraction Point got a monkey I got a
monkey oh [__] what the heck just hit me
uh it was a monkey did you hit me it was
it wasn't me it was the monkey just
going to go down this dark hallway you
know I'm sure nothing will will attack
us while we're in here he he's bringing
in the
stuff um now we have to run guys oh we
have to run back to the truck back to
the truck go go go go oh um guys
guys he got me got just just run it's
fine BR I got that oh my God Jesus
Christ help burn I'm staying behind you
is that Freddy fazos Bear yeah run run
run back up hide under a table you want
to hide you want to hide I'm I'm under
to the table go away go away all right I
guess we're running Casey you with me
yeah all right I'm scared we have to
make a run for it we don't have any
other way I may have initiated the thing
uh Casey's natural form just came out I
need to get to the truck oh my god did
he activate the truck no no no no I
don't think so oh god what the hell I
had an alien on my face guys it was it
was what the freak you were alive oh
my okay okay okay so here's here's what
I'm talking about so Daniel Daniel if
you can just grab the back of my neck
and hold it yo what are you into all
right get up here get up here I'll do it
I'll do it I'll do I got him I got him I
got I got him I got moving I got him you
gave me 10 Health 20 Health what oh okay
everyone loves me great well you wanted
someone to choke you from your ey so no
you were giving me your you gave me 30
Health just now oh monkey all right
oh what theck
Bernie just cracked me with a
monkey coworkers oh my god well guys
guys my God no is that the sweetest Chef
wa that's a frog ah help run there's
more than one frog there's so many frogs
help help help this cup is about 15 damn
it guys wait I got 2300 oh my God
getting a help help what has me I found
the other extraction point point for
when we finish the first one if we
finish the first one I found wait no
wait wait guys I found the whole payload
is it the entire is it the whole unit uh
Danny you might want to leave there's
slender Slender's here you might want to
leave nope nope nope going the other way
wait let's two man this let's two man
that's all let P you guys grab that okay
let's go follow follow we ball okay
we're almost there we we're doing pretty
good we are the best repo team in the
entire game
oh heard that child I heard an evil
laugh yeah we no don't don't yeah I
heard it too what
the uh are you okay where did you find a
pillar it's not a pillar it's a server
just it's a whole Tower my it's it's my
computer tower handling the AI lift it
up uh there you go there you go there
you go boom boom we did it no no no no
careful careful careful don't touch do
not touch wait wait a minute it didn't
go guys it didn't go through can we just
sell Casey nope he's not worth a
thousand okay oh what that skin walker
creature that I hate is someone I do not
want TR with don't approach it all right
nothing in the toilet guys I checked the
toilet oh [__] ah guys
Panic oh that's adorable wa what was
that who blew up killed me ah go go
close the door close the door close the
door close the door come
on oh [__] oh he he sliced the door open
running running running running running
running run I'm under the coffee table
he's after me is anyone alive I'm alive
um I'm trying to carry a face is the
skin dude is not my friend oh oh guys
look above uh so if you look at the if
look at your map frog [__] something in
here just broke for 7,000 oh that's my
face that was my face okay I'm going to
cry oh frog z z run from frog frog over
here oh lovely lovely the orb I'm going
to go I'm going to go put this orb in
the orb what is O it took us n years oh
guys guys SK oh what the hell was that I
hate that thing uh there's like 10
monsters in there yeah yeah there's the
little Krabby guy there's the Frog
locking myself in the bathroom is the
box upstairs or downstairs it's
downstairs
downstairs the oh what killed me I got
it I got it I got it I got it I'm at the
computer I'm upstairs do you remember
when you were upstairs Tom hold on uh
I'm looking at like wrap around what
what um I'm surrounded by frogs and
whatever the hell that is okay well I
got what we need to get out of here so
I'm going to try and bring it back Rob
there's a frog and a crawly man in here
yeah I know wait hang on RAM him Ram get
this one oh my God he did a
flip go run
around all right this is the thing this
is the that's 900 but this is 20 20,000
all right let's just drop it off the
balcony no no because it'll lose all its
value if we drop it we all got to pick
this [__] up everyone lift hold on hold
on one of wonder if one of us goes on
the other side and catches it true I'm
going to go here that's a horrible idea
I'm going to go here how pass it over
pass it over that's what these boxes are
here for stop banging it around oh the
frog sees me so this game is just the
equivalent of like two idiots trying to
get a couch downstairs don't
worry $2,000 for a Deb ding oh wait the
Frog's here
dropes want to be part of this [__] oh
there's a Slender Man right there right
behind you behind you literally behind
you listen oh God at this point I will
take the damaged server over Tom I found
a 24,000 oh my God I found I found a
very expensive server but there's a frog
who wants my fing life please where you
are help oh my God it's
frog Rob oh [__] he broke our thing take
that frog you piece of [__] come on come
on
no
Tom is everyone oh God I don't know I
have like 21 health I don't think I can
do this solo I need like
$20,000
die the text of speech is so good oh die
beat him with a book get out of here and
it's
gone oh
[__] is sat
oh [__] no who's doing don't break it
don't break
it no no
I
no I need
that I need that you son of a
[__]
stop stop
no dude wait actually exploded and
killed all the
frogs
uh I think I'm
dead okay I'm dead he ran me off the
road and now it's Kai's turn bye-bye oh
no what the best weapon you ran yourself
off
road welcome new students oh crap we're
in we're in medieval School we're back
in Hogwarts oh we're in H yeah yeah we
are on Hogwarts this this was pretty
suspect I thought this was a dude oh
back up back up back up potion wait I
got something what the is
that oh wa what the [__] I don't like
these I don't like time to go time to go
time to go time to go you broke you
broke my glass yeah I wonder why that
was where's uh where's Rob's head wait
did we put it in the he's back yeah he's
back yes he has returned there he is I'm
back that's how you revive someone true
wait wait Danny dny can you hold
q
h there we go that's how you do it I I
knew it was true I just forgot how to
freaking do it okay I got the grenade oh
oh
[__]
yeah
great yeah you had you had a grenade he
had a grenade all right yeah don't worry
he's fine he'll come back he's fine he's
fine he's just a little silly he's fine
he's fine God my all right I'm back just
a little blown up by my teammate I have
one Health I got the mine I got the mine
this does he actually have one Health I
have one HP what's this no you [__] oh
I hate the ducky I hate the ducky oh my
God it literally jumped at me God damn
it there's a duck in our uh yeah don't
touch it don't touch him don't don't
touch he's very cute don't touch him hi
I got I got the T don't worry okay nice
nice nice uh I'll go little guy don't
touch him oh guys I found some sort of
doll that probably will kill me but
might be worth something it's a
clown he's like that's my toy don't
touch it what oh
god um you need to learn how to share
what the what just killed me damn it
he's trying to destroy my cup all right
I was going to get Danny's head but I
got this ring instead I'm the
revivor smack they're back okay wait
wait wait guys guys someone just bring
something with value I think we can kill
the duck I have something of value keep
the duck there yeah yeah I'm keeping him
occupied I'm coming I'm coming I got to
hey little guy we're going to kill
you you're so cute I want to kill you
okay okay put it in put it in nice done
all right all right please kill duck
please destroy this demon
please no did it work did we get extra
money for it I don't know I don't
know the Evil's been defeated yes the
duck turned into Rob the duck died and
Rob came back interesting yeah great
Equivalent Exchange yeah back up where
where are you you ran away because of
the Giant floating
head the head got me and Rob oh my God
how do I escape the
head the head got me is everybody dead
no
[Laughter]
straight shot straight shot straight
shot we're in there baby we're the
revivers the
retrievers oh we are I'm back where's
Tom what
[Music]
is we have no we got to try and find Tom
first I don't see him
he's probably further like in yeah I
don't know where he could be wait no why
did you do that bastard who did
that that wasn't
me wait you guys might make it back okay
they made it back yeah
no why did it become a duck all right no
no grenade no put it down put it down
you're not buying a grenade hey hey hey
hey hey Danny Danny come here what Danny
come here I want to show you something
come here come here he's in the toilet
it's a toilet all right wait now press Q
for me oh my God it's skibby Tom someone
close the lid me me always someone close
the lid
please is it killing him I think I'm
alive oh a diamond a Chaos Emerald I got
a4300 object out wayc the nuclear oh my
God where's the dude I didn't do
anything you walked right into it I was
just standing there chat is my witness
literally worried found a nice I found a
cold six-pack for the boys thankfully
back to safeguard uh what the hell was
that it's just Beres something exploded
I watched it there's a pack of
water oh my God block them with the
flamethrower oh Jesus Christ oh gra the
GN wait wait just grab the Gnomes grab
them and lift them up this door look
andt there you go smash them oh that
looked satisfying I'm sad I missed it
nice I found it we're in there go go go
go go do not
Diga uh I see the
alga oh oh he's horrifying uh he's in
the room with me okay so you can you can
leave the room it's his right is the
Dialga in the room with us right now
apparently he is uh he doesn't know I'm
here though oh I see him yeah now he's
now I see him in the room I'm going
close the door
now he broke the Ser the server oh
that's not good well thankfully this
thing's big enough did not get one shot
okay I I agree we did it all right let's
head back let's head back right now here
you go tax man oh we won oh there's
Gomes smash
them oh oh a banger oh oh I see the I
see the issue yeah I see clearly now
yeah got it ah no
got
what wait someone's carrying something
me yeah oh why you carrying loot dummy
it's a PC I didn't leave this behind but
you can't cash it we extracted already
we can't get money for it I'm I'm not
dropping
this did you guys all die not all of us
I died wait why did you activate we
could have gone Tom nope we got him
remember when he blew all of us up good
point actually you left me to die you
left yourself to die put stop stop it
stop it behave yourselves beh oh my God
who hit me I don't know what the duck
does but we have it we bought the duck
it's $188,000 duck baby okay yeah does
it give us immortality freaking Gucci
tuck oh you know straight up it might be
useful because maybe it'll create like a
diversion for a monster to be led
away oh guys oh my God what did you do I
dropped my Y no no you crash it into me
Casey Casey turn around give me your
opinion on this art here
I kind of like it it's adorable of
course don't touch my ear my ear why'
you dropped the ear oh I dry Casey Casey
help me out is another one Casey this is
even better yeah this is this is a good
piece of of art oh let's not break it at
the end here nice oh sweet sweet tax
return oh
taxes damn it there's a gunman freak
freck freak guys be careful there's a
gun guy overhead up ahead I almost got
one shot well I got a TV so I'll just
show him Fox News and then he'll leave
Bros got like the strongest gun of all
time yeah Grenade him is he okay out
dang I didn't throw I didn't throw i d
uh you definitely threw you did what you
did the same thing I did oh I didn't
know I've never thr one before what are
you
doing damn it I don't know where if the
G's outside or not I don't know I don't
know you're good you're good he left I'm
good okay what the what scared the [__]
out of me what the I told you
okay inconvenience but we're all alive
well about to be all alive that's that's
the best part it said tax return and
then the harp disappeared RI oh oh so
wait yeah I don't know I I really don't
know hey we have extra we walked away
back we back welcome back do we get
where's the second extraction Point
there's a TV over there yep yep let's go
we use the TV
well what the hell uh Rob died again no
he thought he could change her what was
that what was that I don't know but it
scared
thing that's what are these sounds I
don't
know it's gunman I'm standing in front
of gunman will he shoot me if he touches
me no I've got some
stuff and I'm
dead you
like do you guys where I am near the
stairs oh God can I hide under here
we're okay we're okay he's walking away
nerd I'm
coming you like imagine Dr
imag dring these nuts on your face okay
just break I'm going to lay this thing
down 2000 to to 22,000 who cares right
okay we're moving what was that oh it if
we banging into stuff it might go off oh
Christ or it's just like time hold on
hold
on um it's it's going faster don't quite
like that I think we drop it drop the
drop it drop itop drop it can you
believe
what all right we're almost we're almost
there very close do I go to I'm going to
my
right my right right yes
yes want you see if these nuts it
[Laughter]
you okay got the heads in there now we
got to get this thing oh come on yes yes
why is it still stuck we're good we're
good we're good everyone just relax oh
my God we did it we did it we freaking
did it never a doubt baby yep yep yep
let it go we did
it what
[Laughter]
Daniel Daniel I'm here where
here oh I just got shot in the head
Jesus Christ I don't want to
carry is this even
oh you know it's surprisingly movable
huh
okay
oh God damn
[Laughter]
it oh that
God old things got me killed
n